Here we're using the .reduce() method to tally up the total of every comment with its replies.
In its basic form, .reduce() takes two parameters, an accumulator and a currentValue.
Here, the accumulator is total, and the currentValue is comment.
As .reduce() walks through the array, it passes the accumulating total and the current value of comment into the function, 
with the return of the function revising the total for the next iteration through the array.

const developers = [
  {
    name: "Eliza",
    experience: 7,
    role: "manager"
  },
  {
    name: "Manuel",
    experience: 2,
    role: "developer"
  },
  {
    name: "Kim",
    experience: 5,
    role: "developer"
  }
];

function calculateAverage(total, years, index, array) {
  total += years;
  return index === array.length-1 ? total/array.length: total
}

const average = developers.map(dev => dev.experience).reduce(calculateAverage);

In this case, map grabs just the years of experience from each developer.
Then .reduce() is used to continually add on to a value within the scope of the method known as the accumulator,
then divide by the length of the entire array. 

Here, we're using the MongoDB $pull operator to
 remove the specific reply from the replies array where the replyId matches the value of params.replyId passed in from the route.
 We can use the push operator to iupdate information or addtoset to avoid duplicates

 A PWA, also known as a progressive web application, uses cutting-edge features of the web 
 to deliver a user experience that resembles a native mobile app. 
 These features include the ability to install the app on a home screen, activate push notifications, and provide an offline experience.
 Turning the entire application into a PWA could be quite a large ask, so the client wants us to explore how Pizza Hunt could offer offline capabilities without going that route.
We'll add IndexedDB so that the newly created pizzas get saved locally to the browser if there is no internet connection.

Because most applications are data-centric, 
running one typically involves a lot of communication with a server to send and retrieve that data.
Browsers are simply computer or phone applications, which means they can leverage the features of those devices, 
such as data storage and caching.
We can't control the user's internet connection, but we can establish safety nets in case the pizza data fails to reach the server.
To do this, we'll leverage browser-based storage to store data if it fails to send. 
This way, we won't lose any data—it may just take a bit longer to reach the server.
There are numerous ways to store data in a browser. We've previously used localStorage, which works well for storing one-off data.
 But remember that it became a little more involved when we attempted to store something like an array of objects.
 Because of this limitation, another Web API has become popular: IndexedDB.
IndexedDB is more involved than localStorage, 
as it can be set up to behave more like an actual database but is less restricted in the types of data that can be stored.
localStorage only accepts primitive data types, like strings, numbers, and Booleans.
Anything more complex, like an object or array, needs to be converted into a string to be stored correctly.

With IndexedDB, we're basically provided with a blank slate of a database for each unique IP address or domain visited in a browser. 